we are ready for the ricer race what the
hell's he doing anyways the Eagle Talon
is supposed to have a stock 140
horsepower out of a 2 liter 16-valve and
we've got a 2.3 liter high output quad 4
16-valve both are 5-speed have you ever
drove before you have a license who the
hell cares let's race
sweet yeah
as soon as we get a camera person back
let's find out what happens to be or not
to be that is the question someone's
going to try out those new leaf
more redneck auto repairs
generator welders
horribly to
Wilkin controller controller on their
ripped off
the tractor is here to hold it all
together
hey the gent at sea I love it
you killed your Taurus you're not done
racing yet
you didn't have permission to kill it
who was driving your fault then
a likely excuse likely oh man that sucks
hey go backwards
why would someone grabbing your boobs
and not Jen's it was Jen I'm in line
next all right I'm gonna race now do you
want to film me racing you can be my
co-pilot just a sec and word for you hey
Dave engine
oh yeah go Dave go go and get the power
down there he goes whoo he's moving
come on Dave
Oh
go talon and go
left in his dust oh yeah
and I thought but the kids are hurt his
bounces are blacks rear springs oh yeah
Jen's had a good bra so she's feeling
well Oh perfect perfect
Blake suspension oh I asked her she
needed help as he was finite the product
I did at the keeping end of the shit oh
oh on a ship their wish had three
answering maybe her hand should have
been on this